l75 XY_Knob 0.0 
onDestroy PythonKnob None 
locatorActive29 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive28 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive25 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive24 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive27 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive26 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive21 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive20 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive23 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive22 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
setToSelected58 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected59 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator66 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator67 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator60 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator61 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator62 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator63 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected50 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected51 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected52 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected53 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected54 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected55 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected56 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected57 Script_Knob None 
importFocalLength Script_Knob None 
undistort Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorActive98 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive99 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive90 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive91 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive92 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive93 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive94 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive95 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive96 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive97 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
l94 XY_Knob 0.0 
l95 XY_Knob 0.0 
l96 XY_Knob 0.0 
l97 XY_Knob 0.0 
l90 XY_Knob 0.0 
l91 XY_Knob 0.0 
l92 XY_Knob 0.0 
l93 XY_Knob 0.0 
l98 XY_Knob 0.0 
l99 XY_Knob 0.0 
note_font Font_Knob None 
selected Boolean_Knob 0.0 
l21 XY_Knob 0.0 
l20 XY_Knob 0.0 
l23 XY_Knob 0.0 
l22 XY_Knob 0.0 
l25 XY_Knob 0.0 
l24 XY_Knob 0.0 
l27 XY_Knob 0.0 
l26 XY_Knob 0.0 
l29 XY_Knob 0.0 
l28 XY_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible68 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible69 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
refineSolve Script_Knob None 
knobChanged PythonKnob None 
setToSelected6 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected7 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected4 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected5 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected2 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected3 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected0 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected1 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected8 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected9 Script_Knob None 
locatorActive47 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
interactKnob InteractKnob None 
p49 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p48 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p47 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p46 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p45 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p44 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p43 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p42 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p41 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p40 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible0 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible7 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible6 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
l78 XY_Knob 0.0 
locatorActive41 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
windowScale XY_Knob 0.0 
aperture XY_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible4 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
deleteLocator28 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator29 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator20 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator21 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator22 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator23 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator24 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator25 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator26 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator27 Script_Knob None 
distortion1 Array_Knob 0.0 
distortion2 Array_Knob 0.0 
deleteLocator99 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator98 Script_Knob None 
solveCamera Script_Knob None 
locatorActive76 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive77 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive74 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive75 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive72 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive73 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive70 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive71 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
deleteLocator95 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator94 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator97 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator96 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator91 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator90 Script_Knob None 
locatorActive78 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive79 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
setToSelected21 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected20 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected23 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected22 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected42 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected24 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected27 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected26 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected29 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected28 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator93 Script_Knob None 
addLocator Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator92 Script_Knob None 
lensDistortionType Enumeration_Knob 0.0 
disable Disable_Knob 0.0 
setToSelected25 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator64 Script_Knob None 
l56 XY_Knob 0.0 
deleteLocator65 Script_Knob None 
locatorVisible97 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible96 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible95 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
setToSelected39 Script_Knob None 
locatorVisible93 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible92 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible91 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible90 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible99 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible98 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
p89 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p88 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
linkOutput Boolean_Knob 1.0 
p83 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p82 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p81 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p80 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p87 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p86 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p85 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p84 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
note_font_color ColorChip_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible22 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible23 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible20 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible21 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible26 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible27 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible24 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible25 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
l72 XY_Knob 0.0 
deleteLocator68 Script_Knob None 
locatorVisible28 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
cardDistance Array_Knob 1.0 
l76 XY_Knob 0.0 
l77 XY_Knob 0.0 
l74 XY_Knob 0.0 
deleteLocator69 Script_Knob None 
p10 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p11 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p12 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p13 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p14 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p15 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p16 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p17 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p18 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p19 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible79 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
name String_Knob None 
locatorVisible78 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
l6 XY_Knob 0.0 
l7 XY_Knob 0.0 
l4 XY_Knob 0.0 
l5 XY_Knob 0.0 
l2 XY_Knob 0.0 
l3 XY_Knob 0.0 
l0 XY_Knob 0.0 
l1 XY_Knob 0.0 
l8 XY_Knob 0.0 
l9 XY_Knob 0.0 
locatorActive38 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive39 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive32 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive33 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive30 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive31 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive36 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive37 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive34 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive35 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
deleteLocator51 Script_Knob None 
filmBackUnits Enumeration_Knob 0.0 
deleteLocator53 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator52 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator55 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator54 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator57 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator56 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator59 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator58 Script_Knob None 
createRig PyScript_Knob None 
setToSelected69 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected68 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator77 Script_Knob None 
createCamera PyScript_Knob None 
deleteLocator1 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator0 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator3 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator2 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator5 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator4 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator7 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator6 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator9 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator8 Script_Knob None 
locatorVisible76 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
postage_stamp_frame Array_Knob 1.0 
locatorVisible9 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible8 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorActive49 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive48 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorVisible3 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible2 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible1 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorActive44 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive43 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive42 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorVisible5 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorActive40 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
knownFocalLength Array_Knob 50.0 
note_font_size Array_Knob 11.0 
filter Enumeration_Knob 1.0 
gl_color ColorChip_Knob 0.0 
l36 XY_Knob 0.0 
l37 XY_Knob 0.0 
l34 XY_Knob 0.0 
l35 XY_Knob 0.0 
l32 XY_Knob 0.0 
l33 XY_Knob 0.0 
l30 XY_Knob 0.0 
l31 XY_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible71 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible70 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible73 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible72 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible75 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible74 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
l38 XY_Knob 0.0 
l39 XY_Knob 0.0 
tile_color ColorChip_Knob 0.0 
bookmark Boolean_Knob 0.0 
setToSelected89 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected88 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected87 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected86 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected85 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected84 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected83 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected82 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected81 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected80 Script_Knob None 
anamorphicSqueeze Array_Knob 1.0 
p58 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p59 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
lifetimeStart Array_Knob 0.0 
p54 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p55 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p56 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p57 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p50 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p51 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p52 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p53 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
l43 XY_Knob 0.0 
l42 XY_Knob 0.0 
l41 XY_Knob 0.0 
l40 XY_Knob 0.0 
l47 XY_Knob 0.0 
l46 XY_Knob 0.0 
l45 XY_Knob 0.0 
l44 XY_Knob 0.0 
l49 XY_Knob 0.0 
l48 XY_Knob 0.0 
deleteLocator15 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator14 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator17 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator16 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator11 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator10 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator13 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator12 Script_Knob None 
hide_input Boolean_Knob 0.0 
deleteLocator19 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator18 Script_Knob None 
locatorActive8 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive9 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
solveRMSE Array_Knob 0.0 
locatorActive2 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive3 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive0 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive1 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive6 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive7 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive4 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive5 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorVisible94 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
setToSelected65 Script_Knob None 
filmBackSize XY_Knob 36.0 
panel Obsolete_Knob None 
deleteLocator88 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator89 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected38 Script_Knob None 
liveRefinement Boolean_Knob 0.0 
setToSelected36 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected37 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected34 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected35 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected32 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected33 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected30 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected31 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator76 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected67 Script_Knob None 
camTranslate XYZ_Knob 0.0 
deleteLocator75 Script_Knob None 
label Multiline_Eval_String_Knob None 
help EvalString_Knob None 
deleteLocator74 Script_Knob None 
p98 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p99 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
lifetimeEnd Array_Knob 0.0 
p90 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p91 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p92 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p93 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p94 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p95 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p96 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p97 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible40 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible41 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible42 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible43 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible44 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible45 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible46 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible47 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible48 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible49 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible35 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible34 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible37 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible36 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible31 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible30 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible33 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible32 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
cached Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible39 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible38 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
setToSelected48 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator73 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator72 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator71 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator70 Script_Knob None 
p25 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
setToSelected43 Script_Knob None 
p27 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p26 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p21 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p20 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p23 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p22 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p29 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p28 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
updateUI PythonKnob None 
deleteLocator79 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator78 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator48 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator49 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator46 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator47 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator44 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator45 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator42 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator43 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator40 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator41 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected72 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected73 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected70 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected71 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected76 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected77 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected74 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected75 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected78 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected79 Script_Knob None 
locatorVisible66 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible67 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
p24 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible64 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible65 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
l73 XY_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible62 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
l70 XY_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible63 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible29 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible60 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible61 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorActive58 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive59 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive54 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive55 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive56 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive57 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive50 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive51 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive52 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive53 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
focalLengthType Enumeration_Knob 4.0 
autolabel PythonKnob None 
indicators Array_Knob 0.0 
xpos Array_Knob -2147483648.0 
p2 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p3 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p0 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p1 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p6 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p7 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p4 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p5 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p8 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p9 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
setToSelected64 Script_Knob None 
useLifetime Boolean_Knob 0.0 
setToSelected98 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected99 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected94 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected95 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected96 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected97 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected90 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected91 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected92 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected93 Script_Knob None 
p61 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p60 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p63 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p62 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p65 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p64 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p67 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p66 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p69 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p68 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
distortionCenter XY_Knob 0.0 
l50 XY_Knob 0.0 
l51 XY_Knob 0.0 
l52 XY_Knob 0.0 
l53 XY_Knob 0.0 
l54 XY_Knob 0.0 
l55 XY_Knob 0.0 
refineOptions Bitmask_Knob 0.0 
l57 XY_Knob 0.0 
l58 XY_Knob 0.0 
l59 XY_Knob 0.0 
serializeKnob SerializeKnob None 
camRotate XYZ_Knob 0.0 
dope_sheet Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorActive10 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive11 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive12 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive13 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive14 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive15 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive16 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive17 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive18 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive19 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
setToSelected41 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected40 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected47 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected46 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected45 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected44 Script_Knob None 
locatorActive89 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive88 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive83 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive82 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive81 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive80 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive87 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive86 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive85 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive84 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
l87 XY_Knob 0.0 
l86 XY_Knob 0.0 
l85 XY_Knob 0.0 
l84 XY_Knob 0.0 
l83 XY_Knob 0.0 
l82 XY_Knob 0.0 
l81 XY_Knob 0.0 
l80 XY_Knob 0.0 
l89 XY_Knob 0.0 
l88 XY_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible53 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible52 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible51 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible50 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible57 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible56 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible55 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible54 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible59 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible58 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
onCreate PythonKnob None 
l18 XY_Knob 0.0 
l19 XY_Knob 0.0 
l14 XY_Knob 0.0 
l15 XY_Knob 0.0 
l16 XY_Knob 0.0 
l17 XY_Knob 0.0 
l10 XY_Knob 0.0 
l11 XY_Knob 0.0 
l12 XY_Knob 0.0 
l13 XY_Knob 0.0 
setToSelected49 Script_Knob None 
l79 XY_Knob 0.0 
createCards PyScript_Knob None 
ypos Array_Knob 0.0 
p38 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p39 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p32 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p33 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p30 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p31 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p36 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p37 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p34 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p35 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible77 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
postage_stamp Boolean_Knob 0.0 
windowTranslate XY_Knob 0.0 
deleteLocator39 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator38 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator33 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator32 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator31 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator30 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator37 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator36 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator35 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator34 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator82 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator83 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator50 Script_Knob None 
keyAllLocators PyScript_Knob None 
deleteLocator81 Script_Knob None 
focalLength Array_Knob 0.0 
deleteLocator86 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator87 Script_Knob None 
lensType Enumeration_Knob 0.0 
deleteLocator84 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator85 Script_Knob None 
locatorActive69 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive68 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
asymmetricDistortion XY_Knob 0.0 
locatorActive61 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive60 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive63 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive62 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive65 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive64 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive67 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
locatorActive66 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
setToSelected14 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected15 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected16 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected17 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected10 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected11 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected12 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected13 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected18 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected19 Script_Knob None 
deleteLocator80 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected66 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected61 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected60 Script_Knob None 
setToSelected63 Script_Knob None 
icon File_Knob None 
setToSelected62 Script_Knob None 
locatorVisible19 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible18 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible17 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible16 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible15 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible14 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible13 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible12 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible11 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible10 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
l71 XY_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible84 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible85 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible86 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible87 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible80 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible81 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible82 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible83 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible88 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
locatorVisible89 Boolean_Knob 0.0 
p76 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p77 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p74 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p75 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p72 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p73 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p70 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p71 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
locatorActive46 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
p78 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
p79 XYZ_Knob 0.0 
l65 XY_Knob 0.0 
l64 XY_Knob 0.0 
l67 XY_Knob 0.0 
l66 XY_Knob 0.0 
l61 XY_Knob 0.0 
l60 XY_Knob 0.0 
l63 XY_Knob 0.0 
l62 XY_Knob 0.0 
locatorActive45 Boolean_Knob 1.0 
l69 XY_Knob 0.0 
l68 XY_Knob 0.0 
